# .txt, .text, and plain text files without an extension
com.apple.TextEdit public.plain-text all

# executable scripts
com.apple.TextEdit public.unix-executable all

# plain text
com.apple.TextEdit .nfo all
com.apple.TextEdit .md all
com.apple.TextEdit .readme all
com.apple.TextEdit .srt all
com.apple.TextEdit .sub all
com.apple.TextEdit .utf all
com.apple.TextEdit .bash all
com.apple.TextEdit .bom all
com.apple.TextEdit .class all
com.apple.TextEdit .coffee all
com.apple.TextEdit .conf all
com.apple.TextEdit .cpp all
com.apple.TextEdit .css all
com.apple.TextEdit .csv all
com.apple.TextEdit .dict all
com.apple.TextEdit .erb all
com.apple.TextEdit .gemspec all
com.apple.TextEdit .haml all
com.apple.TextEdit .inf all
com.apple.TextEdit .java all
com.apple.TextEdit .js all
com.apple.TextEdit .json all
com.apple.TextEdit .kmlibrary all
com.apple.TextEdit .less all
com.apple.TextEdit .log all
com.apple.TextEdit .manifest all
com.apple.TextEdit .msass all
com.apple.TextEdit .opml all
com.apple.TextEdit .pg all
com.apple.TextEdit .php all
com.apple.TextEdit .pl all
com.apple.TextEdit .plist all
com.apple.TextEdit .py all
com.apple.TextEdit .rb all
com.apple.TextEdit .rd all
com.apple.TextEdit .rdoc all
com.apple.TextEdit .rhtml all
com.apple.TextEdit .rst all
com.apple.TextEdit .sb all
com.apple.TextEdit .scss all
com.apple.TextEdit .sh all
com.apple.TextEdit .tex all
com.apple.TextEdit .xml all
com.apple.TextEdit .yaml all

# pdf
com.apple.Preview .pdf all
com.apple.Preview .eps all

# rich text
com.apple.TextEdit .doc all

# images
com.apple.Preview .jpg all
com.apple.Preview .png all

# video
org.videolan.vlc .3gp all
org.videolan.vlc .avi all
org.videolan.vlc .flac all
org.videolan.vlc .flv all
org.videolan.vlc .mkv all
org.videolan.vlc .mov all
org.videolan.vlc .mp4 all
org.videolan.vlc .mpg all
org.videolan.vlc .wmv all

# misc
cx.c3.theunarchiver .rar all

